README.md, before:

# Project description
This repo contains the code that accompanies a series of blog posts you can read either on our [blog](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl)
or on [Medium](https://medium.com/plint-sites).

It's a simple PWA created using the @vue/cli with the pwa plugin. It uses the
Notifications API to show a notification once you enabled them. With notifications enabled
you are able to send a push notification to yourself with custom text.

With Workbox it is ensured that the app works as a true PWA: with precaching, runtime caching and offline mode.

## Part 3
In part3, we include Workbox to implement precaching, runtime caching and offline mode. Moreover, the user
decides when a new service worker is activated by clicking a button that pops up when an update is available.

This release is tagged v0.3, checkout the [release notes](https://github.com/pimhooghiemstra/plintpwa-vue-1/releases/tag/v0.3).
The API has not changed in this release and still refers to v0.2.

The corresponding blog post will be online soon.

## Part 2
In part 2 we include push notifications. For that, we need a backend which we create using the Laravel
framework. The repo for the Laravel project is available [here](https://github.com/pimhooghiemstra/plint-pwa-api). The frontend code is available in [this release](https://github.com/pimhooghiemstra/plintpwa-vue-1/releases/tag/v0.2). You can read the corresponding blogpost on our [blog](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl/how-to-add-push-notifications-to-a-progressive-web-app/).

![Our app v0.2](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/notify-with-push.png)

## Part 1
In part 1 we setup the project and create a page with a button. Clicking the button results in a
notification on your screen. No push notifications yet...

![The app we'll build](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/app-homepage.png)

The code can be found in [release v0.1](https://github.com/pimhooghiemstra/plintpwa-vue-1/releases/tag/v0.1) and
the corresponding blog post is [here](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl/progressive-web-app-using-vue-cli-3/).

## Demo
I have a demo of the code running on https://app.plint-demos.nl/. However, as I write more tutorials on this topic, the demo
will be more involved and I'll report which code the demo reflects. Currently, the demo reflects Part 2

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production => only with production code this will work!
```
npm run build
```

Commit message:

added link to latest blog post (#1)
@vesper8 sorry to have left this aside for over a year. Good point and thank you.

README.md, after:

# Project description
This repo contains the code that accompanies a series of blog posts you can read either on our [blog](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl)
or on [Medium](https://medium.com/plint-sites).

It's a simple PWA created using the @vue/cli with the pwa plugin. It uses the
Notifications API to show a notification once you enabled them. With notifications enabled
you are able to send a push notification to yourself with custom text.

With Workbox it is ensured that the app works as a true PWA: with precaching, runtime caching and offline mode.

## Part 3
In part3, we include Workbox to implement precaching, runtime caching and offline mode. Moreover, the user
decides when a new service worker is activated by clicking a button that pops up when an update is available.

This release is tagged v0.3, checkout the [release notes](https://github.com/pimhooghiemstra/plintpwa-vue-1/releases/tag/v0.3).
The API has not changed in this release and still refers to v0.2.

You can read the corresponding blogpost on our [blog](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl/adding-workbox-to-a-vue-cli-pwa/).

## Part 2
In part 2 we include push notifications. For that, we need a backend which we create using the Laravel
framework. The repo for the Laravel project is available [here](https://github.com/pimhooghiemstra/plint-pwa-api). The frontend code is available in [this release](https://github.com/pimhooghiemstra/plintpwa-vue-1/releases/tag/v0.2). You can read the corresponding blogpost on our [blog](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl/how-to-add-push-notifications-to-a-progressive-web-app/).

![Our app v0.2](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/notify-with-push.png)

## Part 1
In part 1 we setup the project and create a page with a button. Clicking the button results in a
notification on your screen. No push notifications yet...

![The app we'll build](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/app-homepage.png)

The code can be found in [release v0.1](https://github.com/pimhooghiemstra/plintpwa-vue-1/releases/tag/v0.1) and
the corresponding blog post is [here](https://www.blog.plint-sites.nl/progressive-web-app-using-vue-cli-3/).

## Demo
I have a demo of the code running on https://app.plint-demos.nl/. However, as I write more tutorials on this topic, the demo
will be more involved and I'll report which code the demo reflects. Currently, the demo reflects Part 2

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production => only with production code this will work!
```
npm run build
```
